Clarify that attribute requirement levels apply to instrumentation libraries (#3289)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/common/attribute-requirement-level.md

_This section applies to Log, Metric, Resource, and Span, and describes requirement levels for attributes defined in semantic conventions._

> Attribute requirement levels apply to instrumentation. Because users can transform their telemetry in a number of ways

Reviewer: wonder if we can be a bit more specific here with something like 
```suggestion
Attribute requirement levels apply to the [instrumentation library](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library). Because telemetry may be transformed in a number of ways with custom telemetry pipelines
```

> Attribute requirement levels apply to the [instrumentation library](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library). Because telemetry may be transformed in a number of ways with custom telemetry pipelines
> (e.g. metric views, span processors, and collector transformations), these requirement levels cannot be relied on by
> telemetry consumers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attribute requirement levels apply to the [instrumentation library](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library). Consumers should be aware that, because telemetry may be transformed in a number of ways with custom telemetry pipelines
(e.g. metric views, span processors, and collector transformations), these requirement levels cannot be technically enforced on the producer-side.
```

Reviewer 3: I agree that "cannot be relied on by telemetry consumers" is a too strong and misleading statement. As a matter of fact, many telemetry consumers and backends now (successfully) rely on attribute levels and will continue to do so. Without relying on attribute levels, one can't achieve basic things like determining when a span is a HTTP span.

Instead of saying that consumers cannot rely on attribute levels at all, it might make more sense to point out the risks consumers run when relying on them, given that there are no stability guarantees for attribute requirement levels across schema versions, and given that telemetry can be transformed independently of instrumentation libraries,

> Attribute requirement levels apply to the [instrumentation library](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library). Because telemetry may be transformed in a number of ways with custom telemetry pipelines
> (e.g. metric views, span processors, and collector transformations), these requirement levels cannot be relied on by
> telemetry consumers.

Author: @Oberon00 @tigrannajaryan @pyohannes good points, how about I just delete this part?

> Because telemetry may be transformed in a number of ways with custom telemetry pipelines (e.g. metric views, span processors, and collector transformations), these requirement levels cannot be relied on by telemetry consumers.

```suggestion
Attribute requirement levels apply to the [instrumentation library](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library).
```
